(5, 4, 10, 750)
742
interval 20-25
The Testing trilogy.

As book lovers, we read a lot of books. Every now and then, we stumble upon a hidden gem in bookstores. This was how this book The Testing came to my knowledge base and life as a reader, I must confess to have been pleasantly surprised at my luck because once I began reading, I was simply not able to put it down. Once you start reading this young adult science-fiction romance by Joelle Charbonneau, you simply feel compelled to see which one of the many characters end up living in or outside of the mysterious Tower.

In a world where overpopulation, war, and plague are threats hanging over the survivors like the sword of Damocles, The Testing is our narrator`s (a former orphanage `star pupil') experience facing a selection designed ostensibly to ensure humanity`s survival outside planet earth thanks to an initiative taken by UNITY in a futuristic dome protected society. The selected young people (including Cia), are transported to the mysterious Tower (much like X factor`s Hell-house), a testing ground with a myriad of trials testing survival skills for a mission to terraform another planet deemed habitable. The narrative reveals slowly via multiple perspective cuts what the `true-blue` purpose this dystopian world hides. This page-turning, and fast-paced gripping story makes excellent use both tropes and novel ideas by employing both like, for instance, a dystopian setting which uses an exaggeratory ruminating setting so typically found in series belonging to this genre, only that here the author`s unique skill at weaving such plot-lines together in a novel that feels fresh more like Harry Potter but with an 800word length page each chapter instead of JUST 200word paragraph at the end of an excrutiatingly slow chapter. One needs to stop between chapter or section breaks for breath- you understand? This was how invested in her world, Charbonneau has you- you will question reality when trying to discern such elements as `taste` and if cats can hear you thinking in your head or aloud.  To me, a cas
------------------------------------------
(at least 150 words) focusing specifically on four areas: plot development, character development, pacing and language.  Make sure to detail your personal connections you made with the text and what specifically made the novel worthy of 5-Stars.

To clarify this is part of a series so the previous books are: "Divergent" and "Insurgent".
Divergent is where there main objective is to attack 'the simulation' (a virtual world) by hacking with their minds from within...they face various 'challenges' with the leaders/ simulations- trying to gain power over what used to be what a simulated reality has programmed for them.  Then to discover it is very much so the real deal.  
Insurgent leaves where the first Divergent, Tris, Four, and Caleb have taken up arms against 'the authority' faction. However "in real life" the attacks left destruction of entire-amsterdam-areas. And left Tris, Four, Peter, Caleb, Jeanine as wanted criminals. 

To write an honest review of "Free Four", which is focused on Four's perspective of only the Knife-Throwing Scene.
This particular review must show insight into Tobias'/Four's personality traits in character development  specifically looking at vulnerable emotional side. 
As well include an in depth examination of pacing at various points in the novel (fast, slow?). And how language use creates impact/images/tone in the novel and lastly why this novellas' shortcomings (50 pages, lack of action?) fails to hinder  this work achieving it 5-star rating. 
  "Why do you think you deserve an award, you are only a reader, I thought the only people who ever died are the dead."
It would only take one moment that you can be right or you can be dead... One choice decides your future; your life hungers in front of your dying peers in seconds.  No pressure-  Choose your dauntless faction wisely. You feel alive, fear becomes tangible; an animal sniffing its territory. The Divergent series by Veronica Roth brings this sense of desolate and fear, leaving readers craving
------------------------------------------
100 Things Every Boy Should Know by Kevin Carroll with Louis Pugliese. Please address the content, structure, and style of the book, including the effectiveness of the authors' arguments and illustrations.

One hundred essays by athletes, celebrities, comedians, musicians, entrepreneurs, and adventurers who have something meaningful to communicate to young males worldwide make reading "Out of My Mind: 100 Things Every Boy Should Know." Created specifically for pre-teen boys (but valuable reading material for everyone), Out of My Mind is an ambitious project curated to educate by examples, using relatable celebrities, stories of successful people closest to and most familiar to America. Their success does not stop at who they are. They all overcame common childhood challenges (ADHD, bullying, shyness, feeling different), overcame their own mindset obstacles, made mistakes, failed, learned valuable take a long-term perspective to navigate to what worked.

I liked author Kevin Carroll's choice of contributors here who include Tony Hawk, Pharrell Williams, Travaris "Trey" Songz Rice, and others not as famous across America but equally effective examples of self-starters taking control against odds. This diversity reminds "Out of Mind" that failure need not hold anyone back in accomplishing worth results, only a "won't do something" attitude can be what stops readers from reaching long-term.

Readers of "Out of My Mind" will likely be reminded of parents and teachers but also find a workshop text designed by coaches for teen males about developing a sense of self-confidence for what lies ahead as they gain an early awareness of what their futures likely require. What every parent and teachers dream their teens learn but what many of us did (and do) to survive childhood intact until our own self-searching self, and then our own confidence takes over as teens emerge into ever-demonstrated adulthood with new adult rules. In other words, what readers will notice between these covers is an alternative way how one successful and happy coaches approach life and encourage them young boys follow with these insights.

For example contributor and famous musician Ph
------------------------------------------
8/10. Here's an example of a review: Allegiant is the breatht...
 Write a personalized review of the book titled Allegiant (Divergent, #3):

8/10.

Allegiant is the breath-taking and heart-wrenching conclusion to the Divergent series. Veronica Roth has once again delivered a mind-blowing story that will leave readers on the edge of their seats and left to imagine for more after finishing the last page of the book. From an incrediblenumbing discovery to a heart-wrenching fate, author Veronica Roth takes the characters down one torturous emotional road they want they'll surely never reover from and creates a thoughtfully structured storyline that will leave readers desiring more with this final book which will ultimately, rip your heart out!
So much takes place in an exciitng adventure inside this final book, and not once did the author dull any sense of intrigue, action, conflict, or heart in the story. Everyone is fighting for somethign at all costs which takes readers on nail-biting adventurestory taking everyone who picks it up into the wilds of this factional society to explore what has goneunseen. Truths unravileld slowly along wit he heart-piercing moments makes this an inimitable ending to an incredible series. Each supporting character becomes their most essixcular self in times of great need just to try preserve this dystopian society's future if a sense of any future i left after thruths uncovered from Allegiant's events. The climixing battle scenes a d nail-pickingly stunning and gripping moments that make this trhe last stand these characters must take no the faction societythere foreever is for the biggest stake. Allegiant, the conclusion to the beloved world of Divergent we get glimpspses beyond their walls, and into what really waits each one beyond. Fans are sure to shed many tearing with this beautiful end that holds your heart captive to see one last time if love can truly previl.
 Tristian, Four., Beatrice (Tris' true name) & their families show great development
------------------------------------------

I just got around to diving head-first into Sarah J. Maas' work with The Assassin's Blade 507-page novella omnibus: books one-five in the #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLING "THE TOWER OF GLASS" series and OH. EM. GEE. ! It was sooo good that I couldn't focus on pretty nearly anything else--I even ate spicy ramen for four days running in a row until I felt convinced a ginger-induced aural detonation threatened my life on Friday, a sure-fire indicator of a top-tier binge read (that was on day three and a half, FYI). As someone with a minor obsession with assassins... especially the angsty assassin variety with an extra helping of leather, spiky hair, weaponry, and a chip the size of the Rock of Gibraltar on their deltoids (basically any character described as having a "certain vulnerability... a willingness to show emotion"... or simply, like yours [definitely], yours [truly], me [myself-exclusively], or simply anyone... anyone who hasn't developed copious, excess, exorbitant, excessive, you name it... coping mechanisms, as our trusty "functional" therapists put it... anyway, I have my biases. They are what drive me to spend four hundred and twenty dollars on Thrandall Rings and other various bits so my partner may wear her favorite chainrings and hurl spaths, stingrays, sicklewraiths, and iron sights at the unwashed masses during work breaks on this, A SECOND LIFE.
My friends, rest assured it won't help you build anything resembling any actual relationship because that sort of spending will put a strain even on the tightest connection in Azeroth but it is therapeutic to pretend! *air quotes* anyway. In short, if The Assassin's Blade (Throne of Glass, #0. 1-0.5). So my experience with a particular proclivity like the protagonant--Captain Chaol Westfall, I presume
------------------------------------------
Review by: Abe P

Introduction: The No.1 Ladies Detective Agency is a novel penned down by Alexander McCall Smith, which caught the attention of multiple readers, including myself who cannot wait to share this fascinating narrative of friendship, love and triumph as a personal review. Grab yourself a cup of tea as let sink into the captivating world of Precious Ramotswe, I will spoil nothing and will present the plot without giving away the storyline - let's start!

Plot. In the novel, Smith introduces the reader to the protagonist, and founder of, The No. 1 Detective Agency who in turn solves mysteries and everyday problems - Precious Ramotswe -a captivating and kind lady and, arguably one of Gaborones finest at that, one will find themselves warmed by her intelligence and wit! Precious possesses a rare compassion and her ability to help and understand. At The No.1 Ladies Detective agency, you can hire Precious, who is a partner in the business  with her able and dependable co-director, Grace Makutsi. With Precious expertise' and grace's efficiency they make a remarkable  investigative  team, together they tackle matters efficiently and effectively with grace. The cast includes Grace's nine-to- five secretary and part-time piano student - Mma Makutsi as well!  You might want know a tad more about the synonym or cast alike? Sure. Set the in captivating Botswana backdrop - this is where the magic comes to life, and there, you will meet some truly unforgettable individual including-  Mma Putolwe 'Mme Ramotswe s adversarial housekeeper whose sharp tong is nearly as shar as her Mmastery (excessive but clever punctilious use, in this instance with a bit,  cheeky smack). As you'd imagine Mr J L B Makking of Bays The Explorer and 79 other exploration companies past and present has his  hands fulI; along with Khumo, her beloved younger brother, an old friend of Precious a d now permanently installed in her new, up-sized homestead,
------------------------------------------
20 Word Review
"My emotions were stirred and my passions ignited by the third installment of the captivating Fallen series. Luce and Daniel's love story delivers!" – Your Name [Your City][Your Date]
------------------------------------------
I think the books I've just read has been the most unputdownable read I have had for a long while - it took me only a few chapters to figure that I was definitely staying up past my bedtime. I simply could not turn over and go to sleep when each chapter ended and not find out what was more going-on - you were completely engaged in and part of Rick Riordan's imagination in which it brought into the story with ease about a ten year old boy names Percy. When he stumbles upon about Nereids- Sea Nymphs of the ocean, that they are in a battle against a very powerful enemies or rivals and that all the Greek Gods as almighty power has long past their use for calling upon the warriors to come fight to defend a Titan. 
A young teenage has a great task ahead of him to go to the depth where the father of the monsters lies. As the journey ahead of him Percy learns he must use all his understanding he already known before about his own mortal world so that it will be a success of this dangerous mission of The Titan's Curse.  This adventure fantasy tale with a mix of mythological background as a theme and being written in a more easy to understood that would captivatingly hold all it's target readers - young or old's reader. It gave me the thought about how the author would create so deep meaning yet so simple and relatable. One of characters was saying to the others and it stuck to my mind is what Grover said as he was reminding of what they knew from the first book," Percy, Annabeth is our best shot". I would rate this The Titan's Curse (Book III), a 4.9 stars only cause its that good to make want wanting to give the fourth book.
To whom this may concern, please let my review be shared in Amazon and Facebook review. And would love others to have the same thrill as I had with Rick Riordan amazing books The Percy Jackson and the Olympians book series is the one I recommend on fantasy, a perfect gift indeed for either teens. adults. kids or anyone who loves to read thriller or adventure like no other best-seller to read once of three times and it'll leave you
------------------------------------------
3/5 stars
---
The story of Seraphina takes place in a world that seems to me familiar and different at the same time. I appreciate Rachel Hartmen did an amazing work by setting the story into world based heavily on dragon mythology and folklore, drawing references from history stories from different parts of the world. In doing so it made the story a believable world in history. the magic system of magic was amazing and thoroughly fleshed out that adds believability when magic is intertwined with dragons; something unusual about the magic, it was mostly subtle when it comes to dragon's magic. For non- dragon characters, It was often more spectacular as for Seraphina who is half-human is in an interesting case and had a unique perspective on both human and dragon society which I believe add to the book overall.
However, It dragged too much but thankfully Seraphina keeps the story on track with some action and suspense.  
If It would cut down of about 50-70 pages would do wonders to the book to me.  
What annoyed me about was how other main characters, mainly Prince Lucian were poorly written to me, I didn’t feel like I was able to deeply understand his  motivations.  Prince Lucians wasn’t written to be one dimensional character  but lack clarity about his future actions at many times, it had me wonder his true feeling even had to flick back and forth on pages to confirm If his actions reflected his thoughts.  Nevertheless. Some side characters like Kiggs who added much-needed humor who often steals every scene It felt the other supporting characters and the prince could be more deeply explored. Additionally the whole conflict around Seraphina was fairly predictable, and the villain had a cackle which I didn't like
I loved it was it not for length  but at some point it felt to be slow, It definitely could use a little editing and It needed a better pacing. Also, If have similar books I could recommend I prefer to see book more developed and fleshed world I would think I'll read for the second book.  To conclude The writing and premise Seraphina were really  interesting and unique and the world-building added a lot to the story. But overall it's
------------------------------------------
3 STARS
Note: Please keep the review objective; do not go into any personal opinions or thoughts.

Well hello there all of the caster book lovers! If you have just gushed through the first book, Beautiful Creatures, then you're in for another delightful, magical ride into their intriguING and paranormal world in their 2ND installment, entitled the Beautiful Darkness Caster Chronicle series. As a self-proclaimed book nerd, personally I have given this novel 3 stars out of 5 to which I do find it quite admirable that this series brings into the realm as being my 5th read in the supernatural and fantasy genre!
There are several authors that have been able to intertwine mythical creatures with real-life setting that really bring a breath of fresh air to what the casters world entails.
Thus far, what separates this installment with its counterpart that started it all, are dark, captivating turns and an enigmatic cast of characters we love while still continuing to reveal that one liners, quotes that stay REALLLY close to your heart? 
In essence, this installment in which Ethan is in a supernatural realm known, as that being the land OF Shadows with Lena whom he loves beyond comprehension however with many obstacles being in their realms does take A way form their bliss... So let me put all other Caster fans out there on notice, its going to be quite a ride, and if your a true book nerd fan just be prepared to do what its taken and relive moments at 3 am until just before it reaches dawn so no spoilers i'm afraid but, that i warn thee it wont disappoint to which to wait 
Walker should indeed, be proud and grateful of continuig his creation, as I myself look forward awaiting for the third book to indulge, 
FINAL  STARS: 	5
FINAL CENTS: .99
------------------------------------------
interval 25-30
You can write it in different tones as to convey the genre of the book and speak to the target audience - other romantic-lit readers. Make yourself familiar with the book by reading the synopsis, and if you have already reviewed book #1 in the series (Too Far), mention that in your review with comparisons.) In Yancey Writer Format - review/ 
This is especially for Yancey if she makes it to your page, but even if she doesn't all comments you leave on this page will go back to a document I'm keeping (along with others), if a tally is ever needed (not really, but you get the idea) for query letters pitching my romantic women's fiction!): Would love your thoughts to share and grow our understanding of readers and audience; thanks!) 

Wow did Ms. Abbi Glines deliver yet again with this sequel in the lives of her fabulous duo we met in Too Far, Riley and Reece - though you honestly do not have to read one first to indulge in the other - they stand alone beautifully. But let me state for the search engines here that never too far means these two leads are NEVER two separate, two far a part individuals despite some incredingly trying challengers set against them! In fact I found as I got close to finishing Never Too Far, the title gave new significance; these two can no more be too far apart if I could help it (or maybe I could - in which I had to remind myself to breathe through their drama-drenched world). Like these two lovelies, I am so entranced with Riley and Reece's bond! Sure you get plenty of the drama one might presume with troubled rock celebs and their off-limits paramours reeled right in close where their pasts do plenty more than make appearances that threaten any of the tender blossoming moments that pop in between, leaving readers biting every nail right on down to the glittering happily evers at the book's end. 

So, what's so difficult? They must face a gnawing ex, a hero who's had no real love experience save some scruffy sex clubs with random women in dim locales to sooth a soul aching
------------------------------------------
A fun and refreshing take on the superhero genre!

This book was an absolute blast to read. Kamala Khan, our heroine and protagonist, is an incredibly relatable character, her struggles in life are so real, the only thing more super will be what she will do with them. Through those struggles she is finding her own identity and power within and without and that is something everybody knows about. Watching such an young person becoming who she want to be, being a Pakistani-American and learning who she is with what her parents teach her and trying so hard to do every thing good it's all fantastic and I love it every way around Kamala had to overcome so many obstacles within and not so within, being harassed by a group of classmates, discovering powers and the effect that these can have in one's relationship is beautifully scripted, so much action, rom, and laughter in a real and heartfelt mix that leaves you desirous by book three already. That and artist Adrian Alphona bringing the world-sprawling amazing action and gorgeous characters from beautifully rendered backgrounds in color by vivid and dazzling color is what makes the graphic novel in itself even more delightful. With each color panel bringing an explosion of color onto every page no panel is left the same no character or page lacking the same amount of energy vivid and gripping from the moment I turned on. the illustrations are bright beautiful detailed it truly does it live upto its tag line and then some a hero like no other a book like no other definitely worth the dive.
One thing that I especially like to underline its when kameron meet she is going through a lot of pressures at the time to be she think she know she would know who and now she is  finding and learning herself which is truly inspiring, it really makes you like connect with in a a real way that really make  the series unique. You get to learn about  pakistan culture that a lot of use is unaware of. The story and art really really well blended and brings aliveness to our culture especially in modern world right now its so gorgeous I loved it. You have the iconic carol danvers ofcaptain marine being real ,goals and even the other avenger
------------------------------------------
جوز الغرض published recently

هيبتا: جوز الغرض is an extraordinary literary piece of work. It is one of the bestselling books of its category written by a renowned writer Saud Al-Sanousi and newly translated into a widely spoken language, meaning easy to understand. There are several reasons 为what I consider it a five-star book. Its vocabulary is beautifully simple yet carries a sea deep meaning of understanding people's lives around us in a comprehensive way, not forgetting a smooth blend and flow of emotions in the readers throughout the story and its engravings. To those intending to purchase the book, I consider you make the best decision in your lifetime by getting it now to learn how to deal with people's judgments, and for more information check my insta review for further understanding. The last question to ask yourself before acquiring such a soul healing book, Have you been longing for deep emotional connection to understand people from their core and not on the bases of their appearance? If you are in, then scroll up my queen and click that Buy Now, but before clicking the BUY Now, consider buying from my Amazon store as it will support the best in you if am wrong or have any thoughts kindly let me know at gmail address down on the inst. The book revolves primarily in Saudi as most of its main characters are Muslim  women living their life story beautifully and courageously. To me personally the author, portrays his skills in giving their voices as most of these stories revolves on how the Muslim women empower and overcome these hurdles without blames on men instead these stories portray the greatness of men they live together in daily basis such that by this, the reader will see these stories revolve as a way if strength not based on gender rather, it is based the strength, power ,love and mutual care they pose with one another without excluding women's needs and choices, and the end of these stories gives a very soul healing advice to overcome any odds life through which it is not in their will power. The theme of هيب is just mind blooding! The book uses its characters to break barriers, to celebrate Saudi voices that are usually unheard beyond their region on basis of
------------------------------------------
20 by Joe Hill, incorporating the concepts of religion and belief.

In our highly religious society, it can be sometimes very confusing when a significant number of people have different interpretations to seemingly unambiguous teachings. These beliefs usually get deeply imbedded and passed from generation to generation. Joe Hill's book, titled "Horns by", delves into intriguing concepts such as the intersection of faith with mythology, as well as religion. Most books published focus mostly on horror in its purest form, that of violence, fear and fright. This author is no different except he presents his own idea of horror; this story envelops the beliefs held dearly and presents a scenario. That delves intriguingly in the minds of believers about matters spiritual as well as of the church. Joe is also the creator of "LOCKE&Key" from idw Publishings, another captivating series well received by fan. In my humble opinion this title by the same stands to outshine other horizonts works; he delivers a masterful weave that explores one of modern society's darker aspect using elements of fantasies alongside human experiences and emotions. There is some humor found between the pages especially through Ignatius' voice as the father of one of the main charcters..
The Plot follows Ig Perish(protagonist), the Devils son on Earth. Hows that you ask? Well that;s the basic plot here! As one review puts it this titles stands on an unpopular concept and he delves into with eland. You see even as Ig is living a normal life the community perceives him as the antichris (hate him for this). You would think that would bring hatred and disdain towards him. But the community shows amazing grace and support in these trying times. One thing you notice about this title its a perfect mix of humor and darkness.
While it centers it mostly round Ignatious you may even spot an homage as Joe is a big fan, to "Daredevil", "SwampThing"  "Groo the barbarian". We get alot of that vibe in parts mainly Ignatious' s interaction with a drug-dealer-turned-confessant (genial, affirmed insecure
------------------------------------------
133
Title: An Epic Fantasy that Rivals the Best: A Personalized Review of The Blade Itself

Introduction:
The Blade itself, the debut installment of Joe Abercrombie's The  First Law Trilogy, leaves readers spoiled to their imagination with its intricately woven characters and complex storyline that redefines epic fantasy. Within its 482-pages is found nothing less than the finest storytelling one could year for. With unforgettable characters, unexpected twist and turn of fate, this opus brings fresh life to some much-loved tropes or genre conventions, carving out for it self a distinct reputation as Joe Abercombie' masterpiece that rival the very best in epic fantasy literature. Together Let’s unravel how Abercombie' s brush achieves this perfection master piece below.

Setting and scope: The authors set his world carefully with meticulous thought and great detail., providing an immersive experience of being transported to a world outside of our planet. From  detailed political infrastructure to well-drawn regions that are diverse, A bercrombie' s world of the north of The FirstLaw resound with texture. Characters: To find the gilsband of personalities that form The First Law' s core, one only needs observe a dwarf sat on an individual on stand, an amoral but amusing body and professional killing devices. Clem has the ability 10 steal thoughts, Glokta uses his mastermind, Ferro is physically talented and brutishly straightforward in contrast to Jezal dan who ia skilled in a deadly dance and Logen nine fingers, a giant. Logan is, neverhleoess, the group's ace, with an intricate past shroded in mystery and depth. All the characters  each has been beautifully sculpted, bringing their distinct vunrautions into the intricate main web of events while keeping you on the fringe. In other words ,  they are so well crafted charachters one gets so lost  int their tales you sometimes need a Mapsto find. you back to the major point of the stories. Plot-twists and unpredictabilit: Ths is  among the
------------------------------------------
5 stars

This 63-page novella is a continuation of Shatter Me's intense journey through Warner’s POV.
Like Unravel Me- there are no loose ends but expect more burning mysteries uncovered by the end! Destroy Me left me speechless, thirsting for more; to read the next book immediately because my e-book pages are still smoking after that cliffhanger of a finale. 
I'm beyond impressed that the same book could capture so many different feels but it does, thanks to Juliette’s inner turmoil. Mafi pens Warner’s caged animal & hopelessness excellently. He’s in turmoil himself due to inner demons (one being, Juliette)
As per her promise, readers witness both the beauty to their doomed love story and the dangerous secrets kept to ensure survival, set them apart, all told through Warner’s gaze. PREACH THE SECRET-FILLED END!  As the novellas are more about characters it answers a lot that we saw as question marks initially. Highly recommended and leaves one waiting more.
------------------------------------------
6 lecturers confess the hidden truths of China’s ‘education reform’ and why they can never teach in China again by journalist and author, Liusi Zhang, discussing the book's highlights, the importance of its topic in today's society & the author's unique writing style. Highlight 3 main points that stood out to you and explain why.

Book Review

Title: Forbidden: 6 Lecturers Confess Highlighting the Hidden Truths of China's 'Education Reform'" Written by Liuti Zhang

Authorized: Books by Authors. 

It is my great delight to be able to extensively share my book insights about “Forbidden: 6 lecturer confess “written by Loui Zhang. I truly concur with my view that educations re-evaluation is pivotal.” I’m more so influenced by my recent China/US educational background. Loui expresses, sometimes sarcastically, the truth in how reformative, communist-control-education system thwarts a China students’ path and progress while pursuing higher studies in Western lands. For your reading content, keep in mind, Zhang’s a journalist – her style may be a little shaky here and there but will certainly provide impact. Allow me to share my overall three points I found the most riveting.

First and foremost, the title is deceptive of exactly who those "six academics" actually are; former instructors and the author Lui herself exposes to us is the genuine, reality of what the CCP imposes on Chinese educators as a way a communist elitists. They include academics Zhang also identifies a communist mob that seeks to indoctrinate educators. Zhang has also experienced a form to date rape while studying to advance her Western understanding with hopes of achieving her Master 's abroad by getting "her visa". She confesses the importance “how being silent does the violence and pain inflicters do upon individuals”. However, all 6 narratives will leave a bitter taste knowing you've been stripped of your hope of reaching ones own educational aspirations for they could see what the Western world is about to offer that will threaten their ideological state
------------------------------------------
90 Ways to Rebuild Trust With Your Teenage Student or Any Young Person That Has Drifted Away by Colin Hall.

As a parent and a teacher, I have never encountered a child who has had no interest in following their parents in anything for any number of lengthy instances.

Some adolescents can be easily influenced by the opinions of outside people such as peers or any other persons around them no thanks to their tender age. Their desire to make these influential person happy can cause them to be distant with the ones they used to interact with or even be extremely disrespectful to them. This is a normal teenage attitude. At one point, our children and wards develop this attitude because their peers often serve as significant part of their social development process and also because they want some sense community. That's alright! However, it goes awry sometimes; for instance, this attitude could get them distanced either themselves or those who they owe so so much for the major accomplishments attained up to this point at this stage. In this latter situation, they could cause emotions like hurt, irritability, feelings of being neglected, feeling abandoned all the ingredients that would spell doom, a total recipe for heart break with attendant risk for such a child or a young person to drift into a total meltdown. So, as much as possible parents, teachers and every person responsible for youths' growth, safety and progress should endeavour to monitor, guide, love these youth all through this period of their age. In case they get drifted, they can develop  "Since You've Been Gone", the ability  the know-how things need to do to pull their child or  teem agent under their fold or in close contact once more; This will help them develop better ways to  to strengthen their personal relationship with them so drastically reduce the possibilities of the kid drifting so further off and even at a near future date when we get a new batch of better individuals around them.  

Hence, this article is here on this platform to help them do that! It offers great guidance like the one contained in them since you have been gone book review and  all of that! So I think that makes you happy and makes us happy as well since your  happiness, just  like
------------------------------------------

This beautiful, haunting and evocative novel by Tea Obreht reminded me why I fell for stories with complex characters driven towards the pursuit of life-changing events. Lena and Natalie, the protagonists of this enticing tale find commonality in a deep mystery intertwined through their journey to learn of their respective lives from people dear them. This mystery centers on two distinct but intimately related elements of Natalia living a life without her mother’s stories, which are deeply immersed in her memory and another element of bringing home the tiger her grandfather had caught on a hunting exposition years ago that resulted in the sudden disappearance of her fater.
Natalas is brought to reality upon the deaths od her grandfather and mother, which leaves Lena orphaned by the tiger. The journey into finding the answers to their questions led the on an adventurers set in the land of mythical beasts, as Natalia follows a map from a fabled land made by he dying grandmother whic leads through several villages on mythical beasts as Natalia follows a map from a fable land. Through a series of conversations which border between real and the mythical, they tryo to uncover their sense is of themselves as their world turns mystical with stories embedded deep within heir memories. Uncovering family myth, legacies, loss and longing all become intertwined to create a stunning portral of personal history revealed.  
------------------------------------------
5 Fairy Stories Collected by Albus Dumbledore, with commentary and analysis on this collection that makes you swoon (like so many people have about the Harry Potter series). Give three reasons why this book has been on top of bestseller lists, and include some quotes that give away what each story is doing in terms of magic, mythology and symbolism. (Rememer to give citations with page numbers!) Also please include a discussion topic at the end – something like book clubs ask after a meeting, for their members takeaway after reading?  And if you want to, you could include a suggestion on related read -alikes for adults to try!)
One of my favorite side reads of the entire Potter collection thus far—for that matter, honestly one of the more charming “ reads like” collections ever penned, in the entire scope magical mythologies—- I am completely enamored over The Tales of Beedle the Bard for an entirely different scope and nuanoe of mythology not found (explicitly) in J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter books themselves. Not just “more” in general, actually! but a completely distinct, other and side magical world with its own core principles and rules—that still fits seamlessly into the greater universe we got to discover and love in Hogwarts/London—this series simply, delivers and tugs in all directions! No kidding! it is part Grimms fairy tale darkness! part Hans Christian Andersen, part Charles de Lint mystic urban! (okay, this would not be a JKR book otherwise). These old world fairly tales feel so much, so deeply woven in to something older, and yet so very like, the nuiances in JKR books and the mythology she seeds throughout and here’s why. Alas, these stories aren’t just throwbacks.
Ok then—3 key points as to why its popular. A couple are the same as JKR books, and all 3 reasons might help your bookclub see this, if your trying to coax some to give this a pop:
First! Every  book within contains its on deep exploration magic mythology! As in you don’t know what’s ‘real ‘ vs mythology inside each storyline-
------------------------------------------
interval 30-35
written by Louise Erdrich

To Whom It May Concern,
Are you familiar with holidays in Florida ? Well Holes is a novel you won' be able to put and not even the ones described in Florida ! A beautiful page-turner will get its feet wet.  This fantastic story tells a tale by  ,the well known  author  Louise A.Merchant the book Holes; A mystery in a simple summer   .A simple  tale about holes ,which  are full of emotions :fear, tears,anger, hatred, mystery, the need to belong, betrayal, love, ,and many more will drag you into the middle  of the story until your find " closure".

The Story follows a guile Sami , a troubled young man resilient from a reform school , along with a loving and strong -willed dishwasher friend  named Stanley.  At first glance Stanley , maybe look weak compared to the former, but don't judged a book by its Cover Stanley seems has a talent for digging .
 A fantastic one. A secret talent! This is just a glimpse on the road to reveal of ,their exciting journey .Holes dig deep into they mysterious past unraveling and connecting the present .It a intriguing mix of emotions in this  magical tale in a fantastic world as Florida is portrayed by one of it talented author whose name is Louse Erdrech. One would wonder if she lived some of this amazing journey to unhidden holes in the ground  or  lived the stories and characters by the holes  they created one will see how amazingly her fantastic works has  a way t connect the  reader to a place which feels so real and  fascinating!
Holes by Loues Erdrich  has a beautifully constructed a magical and a world which transports and takes readers like on a journey thrifting us so many magical and real places which we might not have an opportunity if it wasn't for the eyes and minds eye of  Louise Erdrech .
In a glance HOLES a MUST read ! 

This review of `HOLES`,#1 and other information has peaked your interest  I hope.
Please consider your response and have  a read with HOLES by
------------------------------------------
90 seconds 9780060599324. Be authentic, use your own writing style and experience.
Thank you for checking out my review of Scott Westerfeld's "Pretties," the sequel to his hit young adult series starter, Uglies. As a long time fan of dystopian ya and cutting edge fashion, I found Westerfeld's world particularly compelling. I'll break down why I think fellow ya lovers should rush to get their hands of Tally "Dr Cable" Youngblood's next chapter on the ecosystem. 

"Tally? Oh my gossip, this new development in 'zhe story...". We've heard plenty of authors pen dystopian visions of 'the future', but Scott is the first to take over 'the now', with his work. Now that Uglies have been fully 'cured', and Pretties can't be more gorgeous, there's not an ounce of dissension or disagreement- Tally Youngblood leads the gang with reckless abandon in the name of beautiful hair dye in your ears, sore legs, rampage parties every night! Oh and Dr. Cable...he's not human...or Zhishe or 'a him'... He seems an elusive figure who pops about when zhe going gets tough. Gone are the questions and self-doubt of teen angsty yesterdays, Westerfeld thrusts tallies (us too, along w/ Tal 'LOL yall zhe 'pretz', I mean prestige ') into 'a world without tears or time restrictions'. Tallies are gonna lve uo gorgeous & forever young with their tethered glow & no welt bags on da kinee'. Even hottie Shay had a major glitch tho- no sx for ZHEM. This goss gives Zhis no prob, T tallies can work Zhe glitch all night long 'til 'THE LAST DAY'! Now where my gloss n lip gloss f tws? And you want more juice on tissues than blood, just like in '99Redbaloon, all TTALL Tallies need to
------------------------------------------
150 words max.
------------------------------------------
write the review in an informal friendly style that a reader/fellow reader would address to a book recommender or friend. include personal notes and/or reflections, and address the author of the book with the first name, however, keep it respectful and avoid profanity. You can mention specific themes or characters' quotes if applicable, use at least 300 words writing this type of personalized review.

Dear Rach...... (you get it! My dear recommended reader friend! hope you're doing well. I just finished reading, forever too far, which blew my expectations even  more and further confirmed how much I adore Abbi Glines writing and how deeply immersive in her worlds, and you just feel at home & understand how real people can go thru such complex & raw emotions and feelings - right! so here are my 2 cents on it... & more reflections within!

So like after almost feeling like on auto-pilot to a not so pleasant ending in Fallen Too Far with Hero's older sister, Rush Finlay, and his insta-love with Blair [i felt he wasn't worthy, she deserved better, too stubborn, too many issues, and the drama factor reached maximum- what am I even saying  anymore? my poor review lol), but all of that melancholy vibe flew out the window as soon NS Blair entered our scene. Now I can honestly without fear say I F-loved Rush/ Rosemary Beach & Too Far saga; the title says "forever too far", forever stuck in a too good to give up world!

There is No Doubt the whole cast feels so alive - from nan/ Paka to rush alwah  [is this is right? alfie, of course!]. Now, what truly shined was Nan! I can' tell you how hard my heart fluttered like crazy over the superb mother dynamics; it felt like Nan would come to knock on my door and sit to vent her worried soul. Blair and Rush's inner conversations were another treat for me, very relatable; it felt like she, and I, were having the best gossips- spilling-t heart-outs over endless cups 
------------------------------------------
1 Summary, 1 Analysis 1 Personal Reflection of 400 words

Book Summary
Big Magic creative livings beyond Fear
From the title of author Elizabeth Gilbert book "Big Magic" which focus on finding the couragexd to pursue ones dream regardless of the obstacles that may came along the Way, This novel offers practical and inspiring guidebook to overcoming those fear

1. Unraveling unrealistic expectation and embrace imperfection (Chapter. 1 & 2) This book emphasises on creating space for playful exploration of artisitic pursuits without pressure of fame or perfectionism but for pure joy. 
Chapter 4: Cultivating boundyr Less  Ego: Learing form Failure reveals The benefit or viewing failures as  humiliation instead of existential crises is a liberating perspective( as per the autor's personal extenuative experience)
 
Analysis
Big Magic is a personal growth and creative guiedance that combned eloquence story tellings with down-to-earht strategie. the author unrapels the layers of stereorypes that envelope artists ( both amateur and professionals). Through the voices of her characters like Baba and Mamma ( her internal critic and optimistic self),Elizabeth Gilbert unforlds a work that reads like a letter from a longtime mentor who understand what artist go throught. With candor and comdeiy, Gilbert dissecte  the root' of self-daubtednes, outlines how to break free creativa blockade, a practical tips and teaques on expanding bounday and exploring different forms of artistic medium. Through a string of relatable personal nedeeds, she shares her won vulerabilities to deft myths about success and failures, talent and intucion, self dfficULTIES and fear and ultimately to living a meaningful creative life 

Personal Reflection
For me this book serve as timely intervention as i'ts been struggling  with burnout due to heavy project load and self-impose deadlsine this semester. the authr's insight reminded me that i don't nedeed an Ivy league course to learn new hobies or the best
------------------------------------------
رسالة إليken in Hadith edited and prepared by Fath-al-Rahman al-Mazri. Please include your personal thoughts

Ahmed Ragab's book review of Hepta: A Letter to Iken, edited and prepared by Fath- al-Rahman al-Mazri.
By the will of God, the first review of the prominent book by Sheikh Ahmed Ragab. He is one of the leading thinkers and calligraphers.  Ahlan waslmslkmt: With peace, happiness, and blessings upon the Prophet, God bless you. And in the shadow o his hand upon us, this book that we hold in our hands is Hepta: Risa Ela Iken, interpreted by Ibn Hajar At- Tamimi, reviewed and organized by the great schоlrarr Fanthrollahin, may God reward and protect him, I pray.  

Before starting to give praises or words are full o admiration about the great effort embodied  I this book-a project thAt reveals the secrets about the Prophetic Hadeeth.

The meaning is what drawsn my attention more than others. How can the scholars prepare an interpretation or elucidation more faithful mto the original texts? The meaning wos not what the hearer imagined, but, more. There is more in Hepty'ahidden meanIng in his Hadith as revealed by The Best o Of Messengers.

One can read this book on several different levels with great returns. Either the hadtih itself if one is looking for specific guidancs, for general knowledge or wisdom if one Is Interested  in Islamia or for history and civilization of Um AlNarah In Makkah Kans. one wants to discover secrets abuout hadith literature or simply loves Arabic language and Islamic thought. This book is the ultimate choice f every seekIn  the depth of meaning and secret In the most authentic htideths thuthfully and ina eloquently compiled manner by the scholar.
What distinguishes Sheikh Hisham Muhammad Mahmud.may God pardQn and protect him the founder arbab ul ilm, the custodian o th
------------------------------------------
There should be a focus on character, plots and themes.  
This story begins with the main character Sabriel discovering her true family heritage and vocation to counter Dead creatures that threaten the living through a journey. The narrative explores the protagonist's struggles with an evil force seeking power and control over both Life and Death, as well as her unwavering perseverance in saving others despite unimaginable dangers to herself, especially given recent traumatic occurrences affecting loved ones close to her heart. We see strong leadership development skills emerge throughout events leading up to inevitable battles culminating in life/death decisions that shape this magical world full of hidden complexities layered within political conspiracies hiding behind masks of propriety where those willing to break laws stand little chance gain victory over Dark forces trying desperately break them -- forcing Sabriel backward into facing harsh realities which ultimately empower growth needed transform otherwise insurmountable threats into manageable obstacles one step closer saving every world worth fighting for -- both living as Death-defied alike endure through harshest tests anyone could face as finality of certainty still casts grim shadow amidst ever persistent hope, guiding the path toward becoming true Abhorsen; an unyielding champion holding unravel mysteries in their mind heart & hand uphold principles balancing power preserving precious harmony against overwhelming tides raging madnes attempting supplant order just like forces unleashed during reign evil hands shying away responsibiltiies entailling horrific demons wouyld eventually burn earth if allowed. As we delve Sabriel deeper journey witness uncompromsing bravery determination molding inner steed stronger, sharper over time keeping focus razor-sharp aiming steady arrow aim towards undeterred heart -- read more for greater detail understanding intricate fabric this spellbinding story. Discovering more secrets hidden within characters motivations driving plots will reveal greater depth a fantasy world filled exciting journey.

With that lengthy excerpt to play on - please make the title the exact same size font and be more dramatic, as the summary above - the review was a mix of summary/recommendation - if you were to only do One
------------------------------------------
3 out of 5 stars

My Review:
Alright, so here's the thing – I'm pretty attached to Richelle Mead's Bloodlines series and have devoured every word ever penned in it since the very first book. I mean, no one quite writes compulsively read-all-night romance stories quite like her, with as much character development and depth at that.
With a cast of characters spanning the entire Moroi realm (yes, that does even entail dhampirs, Strigoi-made and not, royals, rebels and of *course* – the mysteriously irresistible one of the century itself – Sydney; all cocksuring their respective ways along and around the court of Palm Springs). A plot untwisting like any fan might come to expect from author extraordinaire and Vampire Apocalypse Goddess; Mead is really in no point in mind to take things too drastically fast here in regards to some of the more intimate interludes from previous tomses. Of course Jill is our sweet spitter & Spirit user - one who doesn't do all too horrible within the palatine powers of her own. Then Eddie our very nifty royal painter makes his grandstanding of a bow without once daintily fluttering an insecurely trembling lash that of course in turns makes us see all too well what we should know and see since, as usual, Jill is as usual and as unremarkable in her own field as ever as any one of *her* numerous past experiences have been leading all on up 'til now. One can tell you a house a-blazing throughout so very quickly, not unlike its gilded author as ever. Silver Shadows as written, however, is somewhat different and the author is somewhat different this time with the Bloodline (pun fully intended). A more, shall we way *tamer* work than prior.
It really does not have a lot going on outside all throughout. There are quite a few of characters here on in and all so unabashedly themselves: some moments feel drawn and far, if sometimes oddly repetitive? At no other point does the story quite go in any meaningful direction or depth. The more, ahem, romantically inclined chapters between
------------------------------------------
5 out of 5 stars based on my experience with the entire series by Colleen Hoover; give a synopsis of its content, review any specific elements/plot(s) that stood out to you -- good, bad or if they were a bit "meh".

Never Never is a series as original and captivating as when I first discovered the genre YA Paranormal Romance and Urban Fantasy. Author Colleen Hoover pens these teenage heartbreakers flawlessly and with precision. The storytelling is masterful, full of depth through well-written dialogue, characters of all shadows grey that breathe on the page like air-freshener filled with sugar, snark, bared vulnerability, sexual tenacity and angst, and well-explored worlds intertwining a multi- dimensional concept within realms of Other Sight where the trippers resumes his/her place of knowing/acceptance via portentous journey where character development takes on a new slant, that also deals with mega twists, dark turns of events with the good/evil side having no gray areas as the protagonists fight their hearts out before "ever after" happiness ensues.

The protagonist, Tarver Seauchamp, a handsome nautical charmer who never forgets where he's from, and he makes no bones to charm us either: we meet our dreamy h's when Trippers Seavall falls into him from being chased by "Others" and now with gifts of knowing (being the seventh)... our boy needs no time convincing to defend the one with extraordinary glimmers who he cannot resist his carnal need that transports him to the land of Others.

This series ends too too soon but does it so fking RIGHT... I could see those closing epilogue scenes play out so vivid with cinematic grace like an A24 indie-flick score making me soo emotional I forgot there’s a cat on my lap as I teared into my palms with an embarrassed yet uninhibited meow: heartstrings snip at full mast. (Don't ask about cat fur and dust bunnies all over the poor book.). 

So! this third installment was full
------------------------------------------
Paranormal Romance

Book review

A little Background first!
 The "lover reborn" novel by j. R. ward is the second generation Black Dagger Brotherhood, and it's set twelve years after the end of the original BDB series and focuses on Xcor's son, throe. As he matures by the grace of the couple, Novikova (Blucthom/Payne twin), sovereign fates, and his friends Tohrment (oh! how many names, Mr. Ward!?) , he becomes quite the character, his strength increasing along the timeline until an explosive climax occurs. But his love Blay the former best friend of Qhuinn along his mother Nailah, who bls the father Xcor-and a former Shellan queen... This novel was a must to understand what's going down next since Ward didn't end the first series at all, only closed the original seven couple stories as they all found their Mates. Thus Ward adds a bunch of new couple storyarcs like Throe and a female member of his royal guard while he still struggles to define himself after Xcor abandoned him and Novikova left with his unborn twin back in book six. Meanwhile, Tohr remains stuck on well past his shelf life novikova who hasn't been in good health for dozens of centuries. And payne is heralding another queen arriving to tip the old order of the lessers for good so her own son may grow more powerful - though of course, another male will soon arrive in addition to this royal heir who will challenge both throne. So all new plot developments as new characters. This was more political and world set amid some character introspection (Throe is half lesser by his mother Novikova! What would he be feeling!?) but still lots of good paranormal fight scenes against the lessers...oh! and I can't forget the new villain, what a character you'll soon see! That Ward so excellently crafted for you here! You just met him! so I shaill be quiet;-)> Love to leave you wanting more as each chapter closes within this new 1524 page doorstopper of all doors (all four BDB novellas included in the end):-).
------------------------------------------
interval 35-40
by Garth Nix.

Dear Readers,  i have come to write reviews of the most enthralled book i have had the luxury on my reading journey. While taking a literary walk down the isle of books nearing on decades old, in my hometown library, nestled safely within the boundaries  of my teenage years when i opened this tome! Let me reiterate how Sabriel will take you hostage and  cast a spell that you soon will realize that you have relish all of its pages; becoming an unwounded soldier in the battlement  of  Nicodemus. The charade is delinquent here, for  do we all possess the mettle to rise at an unwated eveing after the shadows have been long excoriated as we prepare ourslvos for the next day and find ourselves perilously deep within these pages. It was within the sanctuary of my mind that this vellichor was fostered. By  an odd happen stance Sabriel was the antidote to my melanchlia as i sought the ansers to effervescent dreams shrouded in oblivian for which no amount of gnosis or divination yielded concrete evedence  of their truths. As a youngling (reader) Sabriel will have you summon undead creatures (which i promise that not a speck of fear was to be found and in its place stood excitement-- a testament to Garth Nix' wondrous writterly skills--). It is with no shadow of an doubt that Sabriel and those within her peripheries such as Abhcor, The bunyun and Mogget who play the most captivating roles will have as a captvie reader traverse  breaching treacherous domains held captive by the wicked Kerrigor. The plot  of the novel is winding and takes one into deep  thickly laden forests with pathways shroudded in mists,  dark caverns holding an unsightly fate, the cacophony clamour of the river and it shall take the brave like Sir Giles (for it wouldnt be worth the while to venture towards the Abodsentry with out his experience) and those gleaned skills he acquired under the tutge of
------------------------------------------
I will provide you with 2-3 bullet
 points on what you enjoyed, What kept you reading, and what didn'�t work well -- also include any notable quotes or page numbers (feel free to include spoilers.)
------------------------------------------
A Review

Write an analytical reaction to this novel -- what are your general impressions
of both the bookish main character of this narrative and the art and artist whose lives
we watch, or whom we, see within the narrative? How were the author's
treatment of these themes in the book and did it change you. Or effect you
deeply? Or neither? Why or why not?

(Remember to put your opinion and support it with evidence from reading.)

Its so sweet of you -- or you sweet dear -- or how are you today? to ask me for
my thoughts on this little novel here, The L its been said that all lit is lit, which
really irks this reader, not having the opportunity that other genres or medium's
affords, this is often what's considered one of my big critiques of literary fiction and this one here.  its always been all about "thinking." as it can be so predictable; but it depends right?

That does it for today, have a blessed one! 

So dear one, its been a real hoot reading with you today! I have to say i loved everything I
read here in The Lil e Paris Bookshop, it took this writer so quickly there -- right into, in, and under the pages! It made me reflect for a deeper appreciation on both the power of memory in creating some of literature and art's most  significant works or cultural
 touchstone masterpieces such as those listed that our lead female artist was known  to adore and how that  and the themes that author -- a most wonderful story teller by the way, by way of characters that i wanted or did want to spend more time with and learn the most in depths exploration of, and not all can reach it. And so a deeper appreciation for the art of storytelling from great narratives by great narrators? The Little Paris Bookp shop does achieve an astounding success in that regard, I am thrilled I'd like to shout it out to any and All in ear shot about it! Its not the biggest books in all time but is defintely the very be books written, or in many great ways the best books I personally will always and forever associate with Paris! I always felt that there was another story within
------------------------------------------
150th Anniversary Edition edited by Robert a. Dorion with your honest thoughts. Please explain your opinion about the book's language, editing, structure and narrative.

The French people have a long history for standing their rights by various means. In a book written, Victoria Helen Stone entitled the storm that is yet to come, they explord that in the past six months of the year in the French history stood down by doing demonstrations and street warfare, which left the public and investors frightened. The book narrates to us the story during Napoleon reign after its return from Elba, and also explores the life after Waterloo. Here in Les Misérables Victor Hunch is the lead character from a rural setting of the baricade. Les Misérables are the spirit daughters and sons who, in the midst of being tortured, took part and suffered for what this man thought to be greater good in society, but at the point of been betrayied and handed by his colleague Marius Pontmercy (The son whom who Lily loveth in page 555).

Les Misérables: The 150th Anniversary Edition is edited by Robert A. Dorion. Here is my thought on the same: I would want to term is one of finest masterpieces I have even read since the Greek tragedies and Shakespearean art form of writing novels through fictions. My personal reading in fiction-writing, editing and language use in the English language at institution of higher learning is Les Misérables in itself is a fiction writing with depth of realism at large. The author is one excellent guy among real great in the early French and also the language which are more accurate, realistic to point. Les Miserable language has not been changed since ancient version was scripted to what a common language we now call French. His use of metaphors and allegories leaves one in contemplation over a large number of pages. Some of French revolution and the reigns of power in England gave him very great points where we as readers can still point it and bring it to reference just because he is articulate in choice of his dogged language use. Even the editing has given in a very proper manner by giving in details the structure and arrangement, of events with more careful editing for the French phrases to
------------------------------------------
5 out of 5 stars as a remake of Achebe's Classic. Addressing the topics: the clash of cultures, race relations, colonialism., and social change. Please make sure to use in references the 25th-anniversary edition I have (Or in case I change my mind someday - any future remake as well). As time evolves, so does human rights, as we address current topics: Climate Chaanges, gender parity, global politics and migration. Keep in my mind; that these stories do not yet exist - so the challenge is to reimagine - to speculate - creating stories for the potential for our shared future".  Remember always, that reviews of classic books are a bit different from reviews for contemporary ones - you don't want to offend fans who cherished the original  - so - gentle hints; and I know a lot that will be improved from these reimages. Also, make sure the focus is that in its essence the story never alters because the same human condition remain. So it would me more, a reimagined retelling, then, a re-interprataion"....... 

Book Review: "Things Fall Apart the Graphic Remake": A Timeless Classic Reborn for our Global age.  
It does not take ages to understand the enduring strength fo Things ffall Apart' s story. Even after Achebe initial groundbreaking work, decades have past – and with th epublication of this graphic retelling, this timeless story continues a sturdy relevance. The reinterpretetion through, a dymanic medum  of its own, brilliants  in adapting an complex topics like colonialism, rase cllahs cultural clashes, offering a clear understanding of the story’s core themis without relieving or deatilling what made teh clraclassic unique about. What makes a great comic boook - movement, compels emotions, and invites readers insde he story – this adaptation absobrs the sensa of its forcors, including their struggles an dissapointments. Thje graphic retelling gives it just the imaginative update it requiered.
Since its  fiscotical publication in 1958 till its
------------------------------------------
A teen paranormal romance By Richelle Mead (New York, NY : Penguin Group, USA, published 2012, 393 pages) that highlights all of its elements and examines my feelings, interests, and passions about it. Incorporate literary and rhetorical devices where possible and appropriate.
  Here is a synopsis of the novel: On the golden beaches of Queensland. Australia," SYDNEY SET NO EXPECTATIONS. She expected over and done, not whatever comes next., the after shocks of a demonic confrontation; the return of estranged parents; the zelebs of Moroi society: and long- forgotten darkness of her true nature. Her junior year has just begun at one of the world's most elite boarding schools when the unbelivievable happens. Rose-- vampire guardian Lissa drags her closest human friend away fro a murder scene to hide a new Dimitri's secret.

10 Personalized Review of The  Golden Lily,   Here are my thougts and a reflection of how closely the book alignes wit ha my interests and prefeences.  If   a personalized   review focuses  on these elements with greater intensity. and specificity, then here goes:
     A Teening Romance That Heats Up The NIght.  
       If love interests are part of your guilty  pleaseurses., as I know the they are minw...    then you will fa find The Golden Iily captavating , heart-stopping, end undoubtidbly one of your favourites if the year   -  i'm talking with the confidence of a seasoned pararnormal-romance reader who hae devoured the best of Richelle Meda: The Chemnisty is everything you hop for in Vampire romance:   Sydney Sage as a tehy heroione. her complex personality which seems tot hink inwatead of outside the box--and the thrall one is likely to feel beneath thr spell f Dimitri 's stare. Sydney-- with her deterrined will to do whats write even when the option of what's easy is tempting, and self-sacriface when needed to protect the ones
------------------------------------------
by Mira Grant
Mira  Grant's Feed is an exciting novel about zombies . The beginning caught me off guard and piqued my interest . Mac ,Shelly and Georgette are fantastic mainstrem, They explore the world through the prism of blogging and zomblies . Through thri llager cast, Grant explores complex theme such as identity the netional news and corruption. Although a horror fiction , the novel offerrs a distinctive humorous flavor with its references culture and society. It's a fantastic and well-wrought novel.

Feel free to edit.
------------------------------------------
366Days in Search of Courage Waterfalls and My Mom
by Augusten Burroughs. Include examples and provide at least three points on how it had an impact on you on your daily life and goals.
According to the title Running with Scissors, 366 Days in Search of Courage Waterfall, and M y Mom by Augustan Burrows' the author began writing this novel in attempt to reclaim his childhood memories shattered by past hurts with alcoholic absuive adoptive Family, and unsuccessful careers.
To me , this was a book of love and redemption where someone who had gone through tremendous sorrows in the past still dind courage and humor t make it past paints a vivid picture to the reader with a combination of vulnerablenes sane dark humor to express and heal . As I read through the pges of Burrows life , I could ike his style of writing which left an indelible mark on my daillt perspective and future goals in different aspects.

How it Impact d My daily life:
* Embracing myself as Iam not perfect or damm as what I had been told .
Many of us including myself were taught as we wre ecoming uo t hat we shou d be perfetect t achieve happiness or success at every area of our lies but burroughs showed that even wit all his imperfection and past failures hw was able to aehive joy snd wat eva happiness meanf to him as such this helped me embrace myself tnoday my flaws.

* The nerve t face my past n fears n overcome them one at me because of scissors the book has enabled m ot move forward no matte wat and bury my past issues bcoz wat happened hsn nth changed  hat i dese v for it inspired me bury old flls  a d emcrace new one.

Life is short and fun thoaugf in my mind.

One would often focus t dull tasks to  achieve long-terem goals bvurrous dailylife wd be fun and ccouraged m t oke actions thta m ght apppreciate my nows moments but bcoz
------------------------------------------
In third person perspective, this book has taken me on the kind of literary ride which would prove difficult to shake and had filled my hours eagerly turning the pages (or ebook ones here!) - and leaving me on the edge of my seat so frequently that I may never quite forgive the story for inflicting it on me quite before my heart has given it the space to fully catch its breath and rest. - I must therefore admit The Fiery Heart has captured my attention at so many turns through its multifaceted characters development and meticulically paced uncovering of intricate mysteries.

Adriana Kostov is not exactly an average dhampyre girl and as I followed her unfolding story and immersed myself through Sarra -Cross pen and the character's unfiltered access to a world so vividly described I would at times completely and temporarily hallucinate that a character walks in the room- through these 268 richly written pages I felt she went through quite enough of growth - but not quite all that would come to past as this episode ends  on a nail biting edge ready to lunge her on to more adventuring. - Richelle Mead I would say you are an evil writer.

One can never feel short changed by investing one's finite amount of time or energy to immerse oneself in such books. It is not short -change when its author Rich Mead  delves into aspects like personal pain and family secrets because each scene carries with it so much that a reader is never short- changed nor feels they would benefit from more substance or material which is so clearly the heart of the narrativity to develop, to test the characters and deep dive on intricate issues one may very much be inclined  to want more, more and quite simply more - to gorge on, as I would say! The cliff  hanger was quite intentional, it's evil.
The series never fells flat, or short, you don`t want it to stop coming as long  past your sleeping or waking hour choices, as with the previous I was left high and dry like a dry creek's last victim, my mouth parched out all ready with the obvious choice of reading just one more chapter, one more page before I must return that wicked g
------------------------------------------


In my writing group, most people are voracious readers of at least a book a week, and I am always on the lookout fo... Books full of historical context that still appeal to the modern woman. Recently, this recommendation from the New York times brought to you By In the garden to beasts: The love, terror, and an american family and hitlers Berlin. Having grown up a military brat and traveled Europe, Germany is a place I know a bit about- though this was my favorite part of that I must say- but most often these stories can drag of in historical context heavy tomes without giving the people the time of day and making the readers love these characters we forget so why these are the tales that need told in the sand. The unique perspective in In the garden of beasts give me hope for these types of books to remain in circulation as classifications are expanded to further highlight that people over the places. This is precisely what In the Garden achieves with ease; highlighting a time in a place of incredible importance, the rise of National Socialism through Hitler before they had a reputation, while telling the powerful human tale through Martha dodd- one incredibly capable, intelligent, feminist ( a true OG bad b) whom I found myself rooted for throughout the pages  ( and even her brother, a selfish delight). You do' see a review about Winston Guest- a minor character but a welcome inclusion as it adds to her inner circle of intriq; all are unique perspective who make this a read that one cannot wait to dive. Though there are definitely lighter and fluffier tones through this historical period (and who can ignore such a perfect setting as The German 1930's) It manages to bring that terror of this timeline that should never be lost in translation which is all too timely today. Would definitely recommend the book even after the book club and have kept it as one of my favorite for many moons. If one pick of must reads for a well done book of the time and a human heart, with many books shelved.
------------------------------------------
interval 40-45
It's easy to be taken with a first-time author but, with just ONE book already published--Ms./Ms. Neringe has succeeded to create and introduce to modern readers historical and biographic realistic events with imaginative but well--depictable visuals to a darker and oppressed past, based on first personal hand experiences/accompanied interviews! A most excellent choice as required or supplemental reading to high school level Historical Novels and to even middle School novels--adolescence will certainly find enjoyment in exploring each chapter! *I received an ARC in exchange of this review in an open book club that I entered. I enjoyed how Ruta writes for today's readers and not those high browns for adults or scholars of a time farpassed, the era that her own immediate family lives through, has lived through; and has given permission for public record(ing)---the strength, and humbleness in her voice about the "Baltic States Exodus & Expulsion" - I've research each fact from her bibliography of actual living eyewitnesses and fact-file after fact-file all checked out against the timeline inbetween--I found there could be no-other conclusion--- than to award a perfect number of5*stars---for such a most heart--moving & well-described visuals on a difficult and harsh subject not always looked upon in many histories or classrooms today! For this, alone, between Shades of Gray was a winner from its release to publication by Putnam & Sons an imprint-- of its parent & famous publication and publishing of a reknowned family of NYC and its out reaches---B & N/Nook a very welcomed purchase for anyone that will be choosing a great but historically intense fictional account based on True Events of which very very rarely does Fictions succeed so well into drawing in the readership from every side (not divided opinions here---just amazement at where Ruta had gained or culminated all the necessary real-time information without sounding stogy, preachpy/boring); nor taking an actual person's experienced words out of their context for a forced fit on her writing--like the horde writing of nonfiction/biographic to historical (based)
------------------------------------------
A Novel, byKarinzta Fingersnap.

This review can consist of your reaction to the novel along with at least THREE themes or messagez which YOU BELIEVE are important/ powerful as refed by The book!




The review should be at least 250 zords while you MUST quote parts of The nobel and include At leat one Image or reference to add depth to your review. It should also explain YOUR reactions AND emotions which the books elicited



This books revolves around these complex topics such are morality, the ethics  of medical research, And our connections to Each other. it follows he story  or an intelligent and funny, yet flawed primate. In additions it examines topics  such a  grief parenthood and he complicated relationships between siblings and Parents



Here i an sample Reivew you start from

Personalized ZEV reviews 4books.Com
Karinzta FIngersnap's We Are All completely beside Ourselves AZ  novel. a Z review  copy on 3 May 2714---8oz
82 pages' z

Review Format: a letter format
---
Dear Readers------

Zev 
It 80 pages this beautifully moving and comphrenssion book by Karinzta fingersnap , 'We are All Completely Beside Ourselves". this letter Will focus on  Three important Themes that stood 80 to me

This book waws awesom because I had z strong reaction reading aboutRosalind, who loses twin brother as a child and grows z up without Him aqs well z as her academic and professional achievements  that caused HURT and strain , relationships among family members' z---, parent- chid relationships, the pain grief causes AND the z connections' z between a mindfully primate
Rosalind, Dorothie and a chimpanzee ( a nonhuman one, ha-ha----). I was emtionall touched b this characters stories  a ND came to appreciate how grief influences each of they and family.

Quote
'What if the most powerful thing
------------------------------------------
25th Anniversary Edition, by Neal Stephenson. Do not simply sumarize the story, because that would be obvious... Go deeper. You must also mention at least three specific plot elements, character tropes and/or themes that you particularly liked, what they mean and how you might utilize these elements in any work of fictional writing you may create. Provide textual evidence in the form of proper citations from your selected passages.

"Their mouths move independently a moment before they speak, like the lips of an infatuated fish about the kiss its beloved”--this quote, located in neal Stephenson's Snow Crash(167nprest-emial1 ed.):7) not only brings a whimsical garnish to the dialogue exhibited by the character; Viro “Let’s face the musical truth – no way these guys write great librettos as they fly. Maybe they don't do lyrics in some silly tribal language- Viro, I can give those to your grandmother. but the score, Viro, the score - that you do not write! You simply must rape the clauses and sentence structures from my text - my very sentence structure!" (neal Stephenson's Snows Crash [167 n. pr est edition].New York, NY: William Morrow PPBE, 2016. Print.267)

And thus Stephenson employs yet another plot device, that of having the dialogue for his characters exhibit the nuences (expecially where they use humor), of written text and not the speech itself: in this particular exchanges we may here what the narrator means to communicate more of thhe interprestations thta tat the reader ould put to Viro and Y. T.'s words to one an otheer; that even wit a character who uttereats such fancifully  poetic, high minded prose, that non wiase takien anyting written down to grandmother, because thsoelf otheer character has nothing of high sentintient  quality; a realation in which the reader could easily infer.
Additionally i enjoyed "Gargoyles like techinal Dracula...suddenly this new-age punk sw
------------------------------------------
I recently read the first installment of Aimee Carter's. You think the real world drives you up the wall? This might send you to a place even more exasperating! You name can call a "godTest".Meri lives another world. She isn't very liked or adored that way in her "real world".Her mother is ineffectual and absent, stepdad is a loser and Meridian High's teachers never stop talking so she can just sneak off during finals. I won't go through all Merry's problems at boarding house, though you get lots of little snide scenes of this world via her "stream of" witty mind. But hee-elllllooo? You really don't start huffing glue if you're only dealing with snides and slights from other "mean girls". When, you are snickered @for your nose; spun "gift wrapped-withdrawal" to a dysmal high that makes Charlie Sheen look tough, then shipped wtih your dad - who has left-or not there. OH Merry! Your luck is so off the charts even you get sent to Summer daze and all you praying hard will make it only the summer? To boot there a legions of teens already at summerdaze, all sent, Merry just has no notion it's a gouda thing her 'stream of" does not only make for witty rejoinders. Her step 'n roll to keep from ending herself in glue might soon have this little godTest thing work for her. Well, this Meridian High's geeks/outcasts who were "on her side". No doubt in my opinion when her dad ditched (and never bothered) her the school counselor had a little something he was not telling anyone in getting Merry the glamour SummerDaze'd be offering the first time around so they could keep little Miss perplexing from dad glue huffing with such glorious snarks as, "Why do they smell like cheese?", (my guess cheese has calories?) as why are their teeth not rotting in their evil little skulls (I agree but aint' that true with so 'called popular
------------------------------------------
2 (Jack and Molly)". The title ofyour revivew shound b "An emotional page-flicking tale for all". Be sure to incluqde the follwing details in your review.
You don't have to be "neighborly" with your neighbors and a couple might be perfectly nice a couple yet, behind the smiles,  whisper secrets no ears are supposed to hear, no matter how thin i9s the ice between them The Couple Next Dooor(2)Jack and Molly)written talented thriller author Shari Lapena is more than a heart-stopping whodunit; iot;s afearless fiction depicting how deep-rooted mysteries and life's unraveled threads can take their toll on seemingly blissful famililes and marriages,
Below is your signpost for a gripping review of this emotion-packed novel.
Emotion packed thriller: Shari Leapia's mind -bafflig crafts an engagevoluntile  page flicker through which its dizzydally jack iolstert, twists ans suspenful moments will keep vou hookd like a fish - a typical Thrillery nightmauro ! A book for which you'ill cry at the ending, yet pleading for the same dose right after! Unfold your secrets below; as you discover Jack and Molly' unpredictable world,
Key Points to include in youe review
- Plot tease  with intrgguing story details that hook on your potential reads; the mysteries thev unravel amid the bliss, The Couple Next Door (#2,Jack & Mallory)
To make more effective points that pull i your readers of all ages, remember to tailor your tips torwards your demographics and needs
Dive i' now to embark  on your jaw-dropping review of 'An Emotional page'-flickir review', that will keep those  strandeds clicks glued to the last sentacece and beg them for a sequal
------------------------------------------
I'll be writing this in my own handwriting, which is also available in the pic - to indicate to people where I write a review on Good Reads. Review includes ratings, an overview of characters an

 Write a personalized review the book The false Prince also include,  The characters were multidimensional, their relationships with one another were complex.,  It will have all  stars review at good reads (if you look me up there you`ll find that I have left multiple reviews and ratings on popular titles). The book by Holly Black is The Ascendance Trilogy (Book #1),
written by by Holly Black the book has an engaging mystery plot twist that draw you in. Charachters are realitstly portrayed, they each have their respective motives for the actions for which thy perform. Their interactions often have a grey area where readers are left with their judments of characters for their motives and decions , as thee characters face the conseques of choices a nd live within the outcomes they face in order to achieve there desires at any price.

All Good-reader review  * ratings = Five stars.
Pen in the hand written revies:
You'll want me to rate this one afterward, am betting?  LOL
Well, my review says - Five outta five glowing stars is what This deserves. In short, if  you enjoy stories such  as the Hunger Games with a mystery flair, or simply love complex story and characters you have got o read this book. It is a masterpiece with characters who are not  black&white or easily understandable - none of which would I want them  o bw e . One that could be an inspiration   for those who want stories with deeper insides meanings about morality an ethics. Their decision-making  - the why as wela s the consequence are fully outlined within all aspects , with many possibilities of right and wrong.  
The story begins when the main character "Spole" aka  thief #3  has stolen one item thae holds highest place of all " the glass message"; a token with invaluable value as it reveals the location of one true born heir- Princess Gerid., which can give an individual royal power if one  is seen as the true he
------------------------------------------


The author Jon Krakauer recently climbes Mount Everst which is considered as the highest muntaine peak in the U.S. and almost everest climbing exper climbes this mountain have been died at some cases due tot the climbing way, Krakauer describes his and his crew's experience while climbing Mount Everest during 1996 with some specific details of what happens each day during that year., He also details the disaster of the teams, Rob Hall and Scott Fischer, which were well climbing mountains and also very experienced due to their work; However when heavy snow and storms hit the climibng path and both crews have many deaths. Because so of these event Krakauer had spent alot of money of a commercial oxygen tent ,which makes this climing process even far mor difficult,and also this was the year that the Mount Everest has been climind by couple of teams but few days later, some had success but so does failure.
And finally during the first part of May ,Rob Hall team started the descent, after reaching the Mountn Everests summitle there was so manu disastoral deaths which many started questioninng, why are they going down so slowly? Hall is climinding as slow as even so some peopel are getting really piss off  about this situation some even were threatning him  like if they are planningn to kill Hall and his crew .Due tot this scaii sitation Hall team were really in deep finacial dificuldty at that point since Hall as prommising and had a verry high price to ascent the Mount Everest summit and people r thrilled for  this promisse, and after that many disasterns were happaning .  Some mem bers and their teams were sucsess in completing the task but the price was to heavy on their finicaial aspect
On the other hand Fishchr also died that is to say Fischer his crew failed completly to put on their claming gears and failed to establish cam psite before heavy snws started falling and ths was too big challenge and that led to the succuding situation and that led tot their deads while Fischer's team were forced to retrac thei steps. After finishing his descd by one week, 1996s moutn Everest tragedy had happand
------------------------------------------
A Concise Review of the Novel by Jeffrey Eugenides MFA '86.

Review: In  written

Introduction: When Jeffrey Eugenides talks you get drawn deep into his web of poetic words to a time that long gone. Set against the Detroit. And Greek-American community, it's a sweeping family saga focusing on the irrepressible Milton and his haunted and compellation daughter, Calliope. The protagonist , also narrator is Cal (also the only child), we get this beautiful coming - of- age-story that spams over 50 chapters  (which is unusual for any book, to get one in this format is quite telling, this author is not worried abou conventional wisdom or anything remotly similar) and yet. Jeffrey creates and intricate engaging story line as our daughter who has a defining role in this uniques novel .  
body: With a very short and straightforward opening paragraph. "I come from a line of ants. My grandfather started as an ant. he didin't do any better he just had more room." Cal tells us she will  sped through American history which is fitting  from a novel titled middlesex because it does the sa mes within itself by shifting in-between various narration from a few people and then time . We are  jumping from early 's in Toronto then detroit in 50's all the way to Berlin by car at the cold-war era and many  other places. We jumping a bit abruptly and its one heckuva wild ride! All in which leads us to to a journey of love, identity and history, that explores issues through Greek herativege. Jeffreys character creation skill  with so many dynamic personalities in this one book . We can all relate to one of theses lovable characters , their flaws , and fears. From beautifully evocative language . its all so rich it pull  on this thread here . Jeffrey knows what he does , like pulling , and you cant Stop tapping into it. and with beautiful mettaphors along to way to deepen these insitful characters. Each with own personal struggles . A must read is so many different yet powerful ways for many reasons. First being the narrarative . The story
------------------------------------------
40 Writers Reflect on Books ThatHave changed Them
Edited by Meryl

The History Of Love by Emile Diversity is a unique book that delves into how literature and individual experiences influence an individual's journey in different contexts, societies, and realities.. This collection of personal essays showcases how diverse books by 40 renowned authors and creative figures have influenced their growth, experiences, and worldviews... Each author shares  a book ta thet shaped them by providing personal anecdotes, insightful reflections, and unique perspectives that make the book a delight to read... These stories will resonatte with the reading audience, encourage them to explore new books by the aythors featured in the collection, . and inspire them to embaske reflection about how books have impact their lifes This is a perfect read for the lover fo reading who enjoy engaging and thought-provoking content.

Some of the  tories standouts fprther. Joy Makombe, author of The Night Counter, moving describes how ' Pride and Prejudice by Jane Auestion changed her understandibng f fo'mula's workings of a patriatchal societyand taught to embrace femininimy. Her eautiful wiitting capturing 'her experiencesand her understanding on women's empoweriment, making her story compeltely rellaxehion' To the readers who lov books that champion fo womeand empower mnesty iinlude and paisce in stroyes and characters' lives, Ms.Makambe's account ondoubtedly fascinating  Anothrtnotewothy taleis tht one of Khadija
Ahmed on 'OneHundredTny Years, ody', ahmsun Rushdie by expressing hw he came t understand th intricaiees of loneliness , identiy and migration as oon as one lives in multipky worldwde . Khadja shares ally personal reflections on onow throught he author'ss stories enabled her too se herself in differnet culturesand communities while offering unique perspectives about displacement and longning. Many readers can noidentify whith ah her experincesfnd connection thrrough stories' embracing odys , leading
------------------------------------------
﻿Favorite stories told by me, ( Your name, your location) and send it to at least 2 newspapers and book review websites. Also send it a copy to David Caldwell, publisher of the book.

I have read  The Book by Lost Things, An anthology of stories  by (Your name) -published last month from Dog Ear publishing. As soon as I started to to read, I knew it would be one I wouldn't want to miss!
It opens with Foreward from a grand-daughter about  her Grand mama life of  her  tales she made- believe and  storytime with her own- that made an immediate link as I love children's stories! Then the book gets going on journey in all sorts of magical woods  with Fables animals of faraway lands where talking creatures give lessons to main characters, such a cat schooling one boy on perverance that gets my seal of recommendation!  Not only will readers love this, but teacher will love them too, if not read to classrooms. So why? These short are great dialog starters! Then , there is one  titled, The Tough Girl! Omgosh! One tuff girl of all  girl scouts to make you cheer on, but not without a tears moments! and another tale about lost love but  rekindled through one very adventerous fox whose quest just melts my heart . It leaves its most memorable message," Time Catcher' , is absolutely mind Boggling! David Caldwell-the editor of this must be done of book, he done great bringing  these little short known stories from obscurity and has such great taste is noting a stand up gentleman as his dedication page states!
As someone who loves book club meets, book club meetings centered  on this book, would not disappoint, that's fo sure for there is many thought provoking topics within its 117 pages- from childrens self esteem building or perverance re kindled. So I urge everyone I will see to make sure that add this new arrivals to their personal short story collection immediately .
------------------------------------------
interval 45-50
6: am-6: pm by Stephen King, focusing primarily on its setting, supporting characters, climax. Be sure the review is a positive critique and reflects an enjoyable reader engagement. A paragraph long review is appropriate length.
------------------------------------------
written by Alwyn Hamilton - in 120 words atmost and at least 40 words.
  - Rate the first book out of 5 stars 
------------------------------------------
341pages.
Harold Fry has just lost his latest employer to downsizing and was returning his yacht from a previous boss, who recently passes. His life was empty except for a computer which recommended that he mail a letter to his estranged co-workar, queuledda Braithwaite, telling hre how he felt at his retirement 22y ears back-which said she save her life; in actual fact, Queuledda passed. This computer led Harold to embark on a journey spur of moment to go visit quueuleds Braithwaite before it's too late, and on this journey, he rediscovers himself. Harold also reconnects woth his past as an estranged co-workAr and son to his deceased wife...to the girl whom he met on their door and who showed interest too as they both go to the school same school; Harold used thios jotiry os the opportunity to get away from his monotious life which has left with nothing but just time on hand. As he walks through the English countryside to visit queenquldde which isn't a direct way,he si the journey not to be completed as theire isn't sucha direct wayto connect with our lost or long missed loved one so one os expected too let gok the experiences as they come regardless of he distance because life is madeu pof theses precious tome and its experiences in our lifetime as a whole that is important; his route becomes more important than the destination as he gets more stories about Qeuuelda before he finally runs into her at the door steeps to her hoe which leads to a lot os self Discoveries and a new friend and ally in finding herself and living full live again as they are all pilgrims together.
I just finished reviwing  book titled  " Harold Fry's UIncilyb Pirgrimamge" and its an incredibles storyof personal transformation! Its a simple enjoyable yet touching Story about alchohal a man named Hawrold Fry whopends up journeyin uncharted territority because his sense od lost is so strong that nothing seems to fill ut any more until along the road- he meets sveral  interesting personnelities along hhe road whci
------------------------------------------
5 out of 5 stars for me. This book has so many messages about female societal role pressure, the danger of male gaze and how this story unfold was completely different than other contemporary novels. Jeffries is in a league of his own. What messages stands out on you (Jeffrey Eugenides does not disappoint!) | Review in at least 250 words]  How Jeffrey Euginedes does not fail you again, The Vanishing Girls just like Middlesister, does not dissapoint at all! One the first impressions of the book, is the role reversion of Female gender societal norms. This particular theme stands with the Lisleoma character specifically which is pretty interesting, as we see how her mother has a tamer and muted her perspective completely and we she gets to school she's still navigating those boundaries as opposeeo to other siblings who seem to understand these expectations of them, as girls they are expected to dress  a certin way not to seem immodest or too promiscuos that really hinders there development and creative voice with this one aspect. Another theme in the novel that stood out for me The Virgin Suicides, what a difference a generation makes. This story show how each sibd and their respective tragedies, each life and they own voices are dimininsihed to fit in this idea of what theri male figures wants versus what do they themselves want this male figure and it reminded me so much about slanging in the feminine and how Jeffrians never Disatsappoint with his perspective in exploring these feminine voices. Lastl,The Virgin Sudics, The Virgin Bride as he is renowned for  his literary genius with feminime voices I loved how hes reinventing the virgin in Ameriac cultural architypes which i know his audience is mostly adult women who remember growing up wit this  pressuure of  being the idel virgin in waiting so Jeffrire just does' s NOTDisappoint his literature stands on its own as he always does deliver his literature brilliance on gender and female pressures like no other and the dangerous of the male garz e and objectyfiacti and how it contributes tlps lives o Femmie voices disappear. Jeffereis truly s brilliant and i highly recomend readers of The Virgin
------------------------------------------
17 year old reviewer on Goodreads)
------------------------------------------
50 Stories, 50 Artists, 50 Objects about the beauty of everyday thing by Kirsty Gordge Wootton. Include information about a memorable anecdote about the book.
Book title:  The Age of Miracles written by   Kirsty Gordge Wootton, the anual publication of five unique series in one special publication, where  every anual episode  delivers unique insight and inspiring new artists alongside well know creatives., artfully presents ordinary objects and shows their extraordinary Beautty
50 iconice tales by artists
195 stunning aritsst illustrations and photos   each showcasing something ordinary and presentet them ina way that seems truly transormative. By giving a new meaning and new significance. Each episode reveals how  tne artist has given evern aspect a fresh appeal, from the shape of a leaf to the wrikles ona tree bark
Even the best tales requires a certain amount of magic to come alive. This series celebrates those evesrydan moments of inspired brilliance that makies us tossek 'it's more tha justa s story" to ourselves of tehse tales we've herd and loved. Every element is chosen,  from tue smallest sprig of grass ors the smallest grain ofsand have the most beautiful story'
From The Afe of Mriges
One of series one episodes features Emma Beswick's hand painted artisinal paper that transports is to the Landf or Stories," the beautiful and mythological place. The exquisite text and image are inspired by one anicdotal telling of an Irealnd myth, "The Land of te Smalltoskenthe Giants'. Beswick created a enchained landscape for readers which draws one in a world where miracles are possible and ordinary things become magical! One cannot resist entering such as enchantenedland! Beswick transforms the page into magical scene with a series of miniature drawings  to take use inthe adventure
Writing a book review could get a bit boring at times reading thesame format and layout of ever book written, butt what about a boolever 2makes u so invested  you start relating your own self as you
------------------------------------------
29 days, 746 pages, 7,536 words, 2 pounds 14.3 ounz, 448,426 characters, 171,160 words/hour. by Anthony Burgess.

Here's a story about why I wrote my fictional clockwork orange book:
I came home after an endless day out there slavin in the working class grind and realized i have another 2 more days, then weekends before I retuen to the ruthless corporate jungle once more. With these long hours and barelely anything other than mediocre rest and no inspiration, I found that A Clockwork Orange had to materialze for writing some fictional stuff before I go haywire once itinerations begin afresh. You guys know when u read so much a single page and u finally decide to just make do with somthing new and fictional. Now am about to immerse and lose myself into the abyss of imagination and take my mind  with myself as much as burgess may have with his.

Writing a novel takes patience, effort, dedication, focus, and time to be craftily spiked into an imagination masterpeice.
But before me writing that book a week ago and taking these 2 week vacs from work while my inner creativitu will live I found out from my cousin an author(name) has been writin and the book of his choice at the given momen is (name of book Anthony writes "A Clockvork Orange). We discud of it and exchanged notes of reviews in 7 hours a day I spent reading A Clockwork and other things which brought much to his day so did some things about which we talked like music we both love which he relished. Now for his last read I choose burges book as a review inspiration point b/4 I go into my upcomging new masterwork. How the book got titled is simple though. I just love music my mums were cilclaty and vackro and when a choir comes from somewhere within th village where am, one must be there and the melody I here will give you th boks I choose and write cos I wnted soemthin to jot  th tihgt and mild expresión
------------------------------------------
2011 biography
Please note that to compose good product evaluation, reading all 500 something pages would be nearly mandatory. There are various biviews of Steve Jobs in the first couple of web pages that all summarize same basic ideas. I did that so that you did not need read full biwview.
Steve jobs is name of book authorized by Steve himself just before departure from the universe and was completed four months when he gave its okay, means four months before departure. It was prepared jointly By Walter Isaacson, formally, an Academy-Award-winning documentarian(iphone fan) formally tech/innovative journalists and most importantly biowriter for President's; Henry Kisenberg, Franklin Roosevelt and so and so .
Read further;
This super detailed biouview captures Steve Job's personality which could have been difficult at sometimes while reading Steve's own interviews and communication style where possible in book. For him ( Steve) sometimes even simple concepts gets complicated when it comes to presentation.
He lived as if today may be last so had so many plans and ambitionally so. Most important lessens will really surprise is the love and appreciation he had for his Biological mother; an ethiopian, although he had so much more love to his adopted parents for the reason that they taught hi better , the sacrificed they dedicated to provide their own children. Another lesson Steve job's taught us all is his perseverance, most people around the whole of US/Europe gave upon apple after its bankruptcy because of Apple 2 failed launches(Apple 1 and pippin) but Steve never thought of quitting because he took as life time passion the perseverance exhibited paid Apple much later when Apple introduced its mac airbooks that revolutionized ultra ports while saving more port places. More and more interesting topics explored in details so read until the end to benefit more lessions.
Do not limit that  what we gain is only limited to lessons since all aspects of life are explored; his management style in ad to product designing, and other important inventions that you find in book. Just keep time to gain something positive for both personal growth and your small scales startups which may be huge later on after reading this kind resource.
------------------------------------------
A Novel by Joe Hill: The book's story is maggot-infested; Don’t miss it!
------------------------------------------
12 Postures of the Lover. How did you find the book? Were did you find it? Would you reccommend the book and would so your reasoning? How did learning about this subject matter enrich your life? Can you recall a time in your life where you applied the principles of being in love and what was the outcome? Do you believe loving others this way can lead to happieness

book: Truly Madly Guinea: 12 Postures of the Lover.  The book focuses on an adult, mid aged couples with and w itohout the use of sex toys which help them find pleasure , rediscover intimacy and connect wit each other

To Whom, This book was a very positive nd delightful surprise To discover it in a thriftstore, and even more pleasantly when seeing that the book wasn't aboit th epruqentaial part oft his journey but the relating attitudes portraied. the love within  the content of this book brought about warm feelings inside ot me and my mind has stored many beautiful scenes, that if I were tot apply now many times I wouldn'the be able to handle the overflow of positive outcome.
The way that both partners understand and respect is very well developed. In all moments the reading takes  a very  profound  feeling to see this couple in full communiction whith is outlined thrmoghout the many posutres presented. Without any doubt this relaltionhip has no lack, in what each one will contribute to their partner will be recognized immediately with a huge reward, ot only that, love as n ever felt is fully expressed. Each one has its'  share of expression bringing to surface with all it's  meaning, showing in a very concrete wa t how to approach life , even those moments presented with sadness. As I read thi swound me in love to myself and those closed ot me while reading its beautiful pages, because in many part  the scenarios show moments shared, in which every  couple wgoes threw as the development fo these characters. Without question we will reach hge points where ew will see moments and expressions which ipsak alot within one' else, even as we share this special journey of reading  such a book like 'truly Madly Gauniete,  as we begin o share
------------------------------------------
